hey everybody welcome back to northern
land please abiding advice again for the
class where we are gods who will never
lose an Isaac again until possibly just
right as we school we've gotten oh I
mean it's not horrible 0 8 gy 7 7 NZ we
have not good luck and then tough love
so that's not a great synergy but it
could pop off in the future
speed is bad damage is bad rate of fire
is now also bad but our HP is good at
least I was about to say like at least
our rate of fire is better than average
but you know things change so I one of
my earliest questions for this run was
already answered actually and that was
Ken tough love give us teeth if we have
below zero luck because if it's like a
multiple Vig I mean yeah I'm adjusting
my nerd glasses here Midas touch lovely
item if we can get it to pop and it's
not that hard to get to pop if we have a
multiplicative effect off of our luck
when it comes to tough love then there's
a chance that below zero luck would just
give us no teeth five extra bombs also
lovely here because I spent one bomb to
make this happen so you know it were
really just sort of riding this until we
can get anything that allows us to use
Midas touch or until we can up our
damage like on this floor our HP is
thankfully good enough that if we take
some hits it doesn't really matter and
there's a few different avenues for us
to really pop off you know traditionally
you just Wakeley get some high damage
stuff fine I'll go this way then and and
that'll do the job just fine
and if that happens great the other
option for us would be to get unicorn
horn or something like that and then
Midas touch means we win the game easily
the other option is to have our luck
stat you know increasingly pop off more
and more and then we'll have you know an
incredibly high damage tooth that comes
out on occasion probably not enough to
win the game by itself but you know
enough to do some serious damage to
enemies the thing we want to avoid
actually and it's you're going to laugh
but it's actually a little dangerous
here is curse of the maze making us not
go into the boss room when we think
we're going into the boss room lead
to me pressing the spacebar and
accidentally killing myself with Plan C
you should know from how I described
that that this is the thing that I have
experience with not with Plan C
specifically but definitely like you
know using maybe the shears accidentally
when you think you're about to go to a
bathroom and you're like ah now I don't
have the shears anymore for the boss
fight like I was tempted to press the
spacebar right there
I've got a slower roll a little bit here
what I'm trying to get at is basically
the faster we can get rid of Plan C the
better my life is going to be the faster
we can get rid of Plan C the better my
life is going to be full i pill full
health pill it just sticks in your brain
I mean it's a lock upgrade and it's a
range upgrade is it the songs that
remind us of the good times and the
songs that remind us of the best times
well now that's tough dumping much of a
Wamba who I didn't know until my adult
years if you look up Chumbawamba on
Wikipedia they're actually like beyond
tub-thumping
they're actually a renowned like
anarchist folk band and I'm not saying
like that
necessarily maybe I'm the weird one for
finding that surprising but it's like
really usually when you look up a
one-hit wonder you're like okay it's the
same story like you know song hit number
one and then the band broke up because
they can never replicate that level of
success they got used to and blah blah
blah you know now what do they do when
it works is you know executive producer
at a record company or something like
that
Chumbawamba sort of expected you know
that and now they live in Manchester and
they do like you know they tours
occasionally but no they're like a
working anarchist folk band what is
anarchist folk I guess I'm happy I
replaced the plan see here but I I have
no idea but I would encourage when I
tweeted about this is like four years
ago now people were like yeah dude they
got some good stuff I'm not even
suggesting that they don't I'm just I
was surprised
you don't expect to find like when you
you know Wikipedia snow of course famous
for Informer something something
something something something a liqueur
boom boom down you don't expect to be
like oh yes no now he's like you know
Mark Zuckerberg right-hand man its
Facebook I mean honestly
maybe we'd be better off if he where I
don't know where I'm going with that
that just doesn't make any sense
okay got HP we're gonna take both of
these and hope that they're high yields
yeah yeah okay that's actually really
good and this is where if you're just
listening
I got HP up and then I got whore Babylon
and sac dagger from the deal with the
devil
we still need to explore I go to our
item room here but actually this is
pretty excellent because I did and then
this is exactly plays into what I was
just going to say I didn't do my due
diligence in the last floor as a result
we had money but no blood bank as a
result we had money which could spawn an
arcade for us need to go to our item
room still so we could have activated
Whore of Babylon wow that was bad we
could have activated her Babylon via
that ignorance basically our via failing
to do our due diligence which would have
been sweet now it didn't work out that
way yes but doesn't mean it never will
doesn't mean it never will secret rooms
are tempting uh let's see what this
pillar is first full health
good to know I suppose I can't forgive
this guy our money and we hope that he
pays out with something like with for
cents but it's unlikely then we'll see
if we get a little bit more we actually
got more than a little bit more so I
think there's an okay chance they'll pay
out and he paid out with Bumbo okay hey
what's bum Bo's favorite song by the
Beatles you never give me a money good
screen one uh we're going to try to get
bumble to pop off very raw very recently
I did it daily and I got bumble via
re-roll on the second
Laure that also gave me the second floor
itself gave me a blood bank and I've got
bumbo to max level on the first floor
thanks to having a lot of HP and that
worked out amazingly for me over the
course of the run Bumbo became like a
powerhouse I got BFF later it was great
you mean the dailies probably like a
week old at this point you get the idea
so I'm on a bumboat kick right now I
think it's probably fair to suggest bum
buh I've always sort of known it's a
solid item the only question has been
whether or not it's worth paying the
cost to get bumbo to the to the maximum
level where it really starts to to take
off I think if you find I mean the jar
should allow us to have a better chance
to get bumbo to pop off without leaving
us in as much of a risky position as it
conceivably could you know so this is it
basically hell we also have Midas touch
I'm just like that room I hate it every
second of being in that room too many
champions dude
I think I'd like desperately need to
focus more on this run I didn't realize
until he came across you know 15
champions in a row here how
statistically poor we actually are right
now and then it's not like I mean 2 hp
is actually pretty ok but dude the whole
you know 11 rate of fire and then less
than average starting damage three
floors deep is quite dangerous
so just play it cool here unlimited
bombs okay that probably saves us on
this floor you know we if possible I'd
rather not like shoot any enemies and
instead just use our bombs to take care
of them but we need to we just sort of
pop pretty soon and actually unlimited
bombs with a reroll machine is very good
you might think that that's just like a
streak play like a need oh you get evens
blessing you take it now I actually
think that Eden's blessing is one of the
better tiers upgrades in the game so I
think that that probably does more for
us than a lot of items here conceivably
could have so I'm actually quite happy
to have Eden's blessing the fact that it
gives us an item on the next run oh this
is a little dicey is is really just a
bonus or alternatively possibly like an
incredible curse if it gives us like
Isaac's heart but great fight against
the Fallen guarantee deal with the devil
item now and we got a deal with the
devil which never should have happened
but if you you can't not when you get to
guppy items in the situation like this
you just can't not so we're going to go
of like full-on spirit hard build right
now and now our HP which is previously a
strength has become a source of great
concern for me
however we can we can work our way out
of this hopefully I mean we made in my
opinion the right decision anyway we're
going for the guppy dream you get two
guppy items on the same floor if you
don't come into the guppy dream like
what are you doing with your life
sounds of guppy dream is rare it's that
it's you know extraordinarily useful
and also fun and also a cute cat so
what's your problem what's up with the
champions like i know i'm i've worked
myself out of the temporary psychosis i
was in where i thought that like you
know the game was out to get me and you
know oh am i the only one paying
attention around here really seems like
they amped up the number of champions of
the game but like every once in a while
i find those thoughts creeping in when I
go to a floor and I have like five rooms
that have three tanky champions each I
find myself being like what's going on
oh that's the moneymaker right there
it's so huge head of the keeper is I
mean first off a reason to shoot besides
young men Thank You infamy besides young
Metro not trusting us and then it's a
weight of power up bum bow which I'm
hopeful is actually going to carry us to
like the promised land of this run
another key and you know what we
definitely do want the left hand we're
just going to keep giving bumble a
chance to pop off here
we can't go to our shop now so I am
going to go to our curse room and the
dream is we just have a full guppy on
the same floor here but unlikely
especially now
whereas it never ends man okay good
stuff good stuff did you pan with the
key you should never let you level up
dude
I need these keys we lost the spirit art
that's actually no joke terrible you
know it's that's a loss we can barely
afford similarly I don't think I really
want to mess about with this whole pill
situation here because if it's bad trip
or help down we just die so take
advantage of unlimited bombs yes spider
I guess we're hoping to just reroll into
a spear at heart that's that's the easy
money three cent card is you know
theoretically could give us what we want
but there you go and now I'll take a
pill one makes you small there's a white
pill around there as well don't care not
interested okay I'll take it no not me
and kg we don't have the cognitive
capacity to lead alright we'll do it
we'll take the level we we need to do I
do oh we've whore Babylon actors which I
I mean I should have noticed via the the
Guppies a pop play we've got another
level of Bumbo as well it's like a lot
of stuff popping off there's a lot of
intricacy going on on this run right now
we're trying to get the guppy dream
we're trying to get a max level Bumbo
you know we got a deal with the devil
chances popping off hey it would be nice
to get some red hearts as well you know
oh by the way Midas touch we have some
invincibility if we could make that pop
that would be excellent you know we got
it's a Rubik's Cube right now the only
question is how close we're getting to
the solution I was going to make an
analogy about how like a Rubik's Cube
never looks more unsolved than you know
six moves before it actually gets solved
but having actually solved a Rubik's
Cube many times albeit
with the help of online guides that's
not the case it really did it does
gradually come into focus the more you
the closer you get to the end the more
the rubik's cube looks like it's solid
it's not like you make one turn that
magically puts all the squares in the
right spot anyway by the way you might
think like if you've never solved the
Rubik's Cube or there's two extremes
here if you've never solved a Rubik's
Cube or you've solved one many times
because you're some kind of under Kim
you might be like well using a guide to
solve a Rubik's Cube it's just a puzzle
everyone did it in the 80s no you don't
apparently at least this is the legend
according to the Rubik's Cube box that's
great because we're copying down and the
world is our oyster
I'm sorry Bombo should I let you grab
that it took the inventor of the Rubik's
Cube a month to solve it now maybe I'm
naive for believing that but it makes
sense like it's not it's not a simple
procedure essentially like several
algorithms applied i've already fell in
asleep oh I'm sorry you know
Rubik's cubes cool man it's like I'm not
trying to get involved in the cottage
industry of fidgets spinners at all
positively or negatively it's like a
fidget spinner that also teaches you
something it doesn't teach you a lot but
it you know the teachers use it's a way
to exercise look okay maybe I don't know
what I'm talking about I'm just trying
to say like it feels good to look at a
Rubik's Cube and then you're like oh I
need to apply this algorithm here and
then you do it with your hands and it
works and you're like okay now I need to
apply this algorithm and then it starts
to come into focus and you're like I am
a god you know it feels good you don't
have to be Edward Snowden to use a
Rubik's Cube in public it probably helps
sorry bumbo probably to let you grab
that
the run is now exceptional but not quite
unkillable we need we yeah we got the
parasite so we must have been to our
item room maybe have not been to our
shop but either way the run is like
again amazing wouldn't be the worst
thing I'm just going to head down just
in case we got to change the boss or
missing one shop not the end of the
world would be nice to just get a little
little HP's if you know what I mean
figured you know we almost never get any
value out of feels like I'm walking on
sunshine why not use it in at least get
some peace of mind out of it but it
looks like this is going to be win
number 11 ten is an important win
because it's a double-digit milestone 11
is an important win because it's
palindromic you know 12 to 19 who cares
20 is the next big one but you know
we're at least in the interim period
we're going to celebrate the little
milestones as well because it wasn't
that long ago we were rocking a negative
six streak so to come back and you know
be looking good here it is indicative of
the fact that we've probably had some
pretty solid seeds lately wouldn't
dispute that and admittedly this run has
you know 30 different ways to win as we
said earlier you know you can pop off
with Midas touch you can pop off with a
great luck set you can just get guppy I
don't even think I mentioned that one
you could get Bumbo to max level and
then just you know hide in the corner
while Bumbo does this stuff but we
didn't have any of those we had to make
them happen and the guppy pickup or the
guppy transformation was not without
risk on this run
you know we sacrificed a lot of HP to go
for it when it wasn't guaranteed once we
saw Guppies tail as our final pick up we
were like okay well we're probably good
but you know up until that point we've
given up like well we gave up three
spirit hearts for it for a chance at
making the guppy dream work so we've
lost the Whore of Babylon effect to pick
up some HP I'm going to choose to go
full horror Babylon strats
our stats are so bad nah yeah I'll do it
alright we'll do it our stats are so bad
without Whore of Babylon I think we got
to go for it
so we still we continue to have Guffey
what happened here we got great damage
no you wouldn't you wouldn't they did I
mean what kind of what else can I say
they did we got the onk here we've got
strange attractor let's just go down the
line here strange attractor monstros
long epic AK my reflection so this is
horrible it's actually abysmal and we
have been screwed to an almost
unbelievable degree by the rng gods now
believe it or not we're not well and
truly dusted maybe should have kept a
bomb but we're not well and truly dusted
we have ways to deal damage that don't
require us to shoot they're not very
good you know Gemini basically and then
our guppy plays which are of course very
very good but we we have a chance I
would suggest not very pleased about
that either so yeah we're gonna we're
going to try I think if we very very
closely pay attention to the way that
our tears are working here we got it
it's good a chance as any to be in an OK
spot however well not as good a chance
as any that's just ignorant we're just
going to hope for another reroll that
comes like halfway through five battery
charges ok be 100 would be nice but
we're just trying to have any peep into
the spirit it has to be nice
basically I only want to fire a shot if
every single shot is going to land
oh right we have varicose veins as well
so if we ever get here we're going to
spawn more dangerous stuff for ourselves
we do a big chub as well they've got to
take it room by room inch by inch row by
row you know there's some of these rooms
where it's easy money we're not going to
get the boss rush so you might as well
just take advantage of yeah okay well I
have teleported it's not monster as long
as cursed I just when you thought you
know it couldn't get any better you go
and do something like this and totally
redeem yourself so we're looking for
black cards we're looking for Kiera font
cards we're looking for love in all the
right places hopefully our respawn it
doesn't matter what it is without being
you know overly dismissive but it really
doesn't matter what it is because no
respawn is going to give us innate
immunity to explosion damage puberty's
fine absolutely nothing wrong with that
save yourself a half heart when you got
in the ipecac strange attractor bring in
your ship back take the fool card out
take the fool card so this has now
become you know a dark run for me here
it's a twisted fantasy please
Gemini need you to get in here and deal
some damage is the thing cause like if
you dull we're going to be dusted well
and truly
this room should never take us this long
in hindsight we were completely okay
with our previous situation this is like
some it's a hole we're already Guppies
take it we don't have a space bar item
but the stats ups could save you
you got you got you got oh it's gonna be
a long one just prepare yourself it
although it seems bad and is horrible
there are closing in on some HP there
there are some outs that are not that
impossible to conceive of right now for
example if I could get blue or red
candle it's a pretty good start and
making this run happen and actually now
that I think about it with cursed I as
long as we're not overly concerned I
mean we're obviously going to take chaos
because it's I mean the Run is already
chaos as long as we're not overly
concerned with it with how much damage
we do we can just tap one shot out from
curse died and then you know if we
teleport it's pretty much who cares for
what it's worth I just tried to do that
there and it didn't really work
Thank You outbreak an item that I will
never underestimate again yeah we'll
play because we got luck to some extent
he reads I don't want to have to hold
the button down the whole time to not be
screwed here okay that is enormous
wooden cross is huge here we haven't
been our item room on this floor so you
got to keep the item room looking for
invincibility we didn't get blue candle
we didn't get red candle we got chaos
chaos doesn't save us by default but
leaves us in a situation in which you
pick up something that saves us
potentially and there it is right there
five homing bombs four calling Birds
three rerolls I'm totally boned an every
row that ruined our streak on the 11th
run of Isaac nickel escape to me I mean
you could do the rest of math yourself
on this one so we got the polaroid it's
good hey credit it had a Krampus credit
Hampus that's what I was going to say
would have been fine lump of coal it's
not like they're ever going to do any
more damage to me so I'll take this to
emphasize the value of my bombs I
suppose and holy mantle saved us without
Tooting my own horn much at least I'm
very surprised we left that last floor
without really being punished too much I
still think that we've got to be an
outside shot to have much of a chance to
win
we're not doing like too badly largely
like we have 43 damage so every time we
summon flies the flies just destroy the
other thing worth noting is that there's
other ways out of this that I hadn't
considered as a result of the incredible
damage our flies do if we can get
shoopdawhoop shoopdawhoop will generate
flies I mean we have to and it's good so
we will you got to d4 sorry see you
later we live long enough that I feel
completely content in doing that we made
our way out of this and sure you know
this run might not be that spectacular
it's just you know Ludo random tears
which is mine the name I use when I
check into hotels so that I don't get
mobbed by you know the female population
in whatever country we happen to be
visiting on our world tour Ludo random
tears yes my name is vincent adult man
no I know you're gonna say I'll watch
this Bojack horseman adult but I reread
it read it as references for Vince an
adult man
there's been times where I've been like
I'm gonna watch like 15 minutes of
something on Netflix and Bojack horseman
is up there is like you know recently
updated I'm like I should watch that I
like Will Arnett Bob transformation all
the things here um but then I just don't
it's not because I think it's bad it's
just cuz I I mean I just don't this
chocolate milk
chocolate milk proptosis at the fora so
this run is actually stellar
the only question is whether or not it's
worth holding we have kidney stone as
well or it's worth 3 rolling and I'm
kind of that mean you know me at this
point I kind of like to consider these
runs is like an it's a small world after
all sort of thing so unless I get a run
that's that's really really cool I tend
to tend to keep reroll and this run is
strong and if I got it randomly like if
I got it organically I should say like I
created this run on my run I'd probably
be pretty stoked because we have like a
literal ridiculous amount of damage but
I think I'm going to reroll it just
because first off transformations don't
go anywhere so we'll still be Bob
whatever the heck that means
outside of Twin Peaks now I haven't seen
Twin Peaks I just weari roll again yeah
we're gonna re-roll because basically
just it's not quite interesting enough
so that's cool but this run is garbage
look try to make it work for off floor
we've got nine lives as well all the
stretches come in early today actually
you ever have one of those days were
like you don't want to wake up every
thing is asked everybody sucks you don't
really know why but you want to justify
ripping someone's head off well that
wasn't really like my date today I went
to bed late last night like maybe an
hour later than usual I woke up like two
hours earlier than usual but just woke
up and I was like I should get up should
get up and start doing things so I'm a
little I wouldn't say poorly rested it's
just like the weather like you can't
talk about how much sleep you got
without people being like oh you've got
five hours of sleep last night well I'm
in the Special Forces and it's
we get five hours of sleep on our days
off which never happened you know oh
it's hot there will I live on the
surface of mercury where the searing
temperatures blister your skin on
concert you get the idea I'm real in
that one oh it's not quite good enough
well this is like Libra I mean you can
tell it's Libra and great because we
have 75 range
I think I'll fight hush because it's
like we've gotten ridiculously strong
here but yeah like I'm a little under
wrist
I like I'm like I'm a seven and nine
hours of sleep at night sort of guy and
I talked to you know because sometimes
we talk about this on the DL SS I say
like I get nine hours of sleep some
nights I'm very happy about one of the
perks of the job I'm definitely not
suggesting like oh nine hours away you
know it's not that good once you get
used to it it's still pretty sick to be
honest with you but you know I mentioned
on stream once and chat was like I just
want to see what this does that was not
worth it
some people would chat at least were
like nine hours is too much is bad for
you so I talked to my doctor which is
what I should always do in twitch a
gives me health advice and I was like
you know she's like how much she does
sleep nine hours and she's like that's
great you guys are killing it that's I
mean I don't know she didn't say you're
killing it's kind of like bad words for
a doctor I suppose but um she seems
stoked about it so I'm gonna just you
know she's the one with the MD so I'm
gonna rely on her but yeah like I just
say I didn't get nine hours of sleep
last night I'm a little under rested by
my own standards were feeling productive
at the very least also like the hush is
eating it here I really thought there
was probably about a 10% chance we were
going to win this run the fact that we
managed to to get a d4 after a reroll
basically ruined our run is hilarious
and sure
we we could have tried to go for peak
Zane and stuck with the run that was
actually just trash but we found a way
out that's legitimate as far as I'm
concerned did these tractor beam shots
are hilarious and we're going to go
really go Cathedral because I fight
delirium enough on dailies at this point
that I feel I don't I don't see a need
to force ourselves to fight delirium at
least once or twice a week which we're
trying to get there on dailies at least
so I'm not sweating and this turned out
to be like a good run is this run worthy
of being our ultimate run with addy for
I absolutely think so you recognize that
we have Libra and all of our stats are
so good that we have 24 damage that's
ridiculous that never happens and then
on top of that we got booger tears and
we're gummy so like we're firing 300
shots per minute here half of them are
sticking to enemies and doing 24 damage
per tick like it's this is absurd
especially considering where this run
looked like it was headed you know less
than 10 minutes ago it's just
ridiculously so we just actually melted
Isaac sure it's not you know every shot
is a sad bomb that summons 12 sad bombs
that I'll have you know Tammy's head pop
out of them but it's it's very good
though all right what do we get here
friends till the end walking on sunshine
amnesia and a health downgrade not the
best trip the loop is lovely I think
we'll take ship the loop and then scrub
everything else there actually got a
nice luck upgrade and we asked for
shoopdawhoop earlier I still think soup
the whoop is like a top class item for
us because it'll generate a bunch of
flies for us we might as well take
Scorpio this just ended up being like a
really really feel good run yeah why not
dude
we're going to pick up a lot of good
stuff here as a result of this I can
feel it already
yeah like not really though but this is
going to help our tea array potentially
or not and I guess we'll take magic
fingers with us and you will become
intimately familiar with the sound of my
space bar item as I go with that not
that but it is getting the job done here
we got many different ways to accomplish
our objectives like this this run I hope
I named it in such a way that it that is
in keeping with the theme because it
really was a run where we're there were
many different ways to win and this we
saw that earlier with Midas touch and
then we saw a Midas touch plus Whore of
Babylon plus you know bumbo plus blah
blah blah but we also saw it in like a
literal way once we got the v4 and it
saved us from the debt that we pretty
much deserved as a result of our Braves
and re-roll culture at the office here
of my closet and overall honestly this
run has me feeling even more jazzed
about my Isaac play like we're in a
great spot 11 wins in a row this one was
not without strife for now thanks for
watching I hope you enjoyed it if you
did click the like button it also a
great deal of course subscribe if you
want to see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I will see
you next time